source/mini/index.md, before:

---
layout: homepage.liquid
options: highlight ext-links
title: Smart Device
description: ...
keywords:
- homegenie
---

<!-- SPACER -->
<div style="margin-top: 48px">&nbsp;</div>

**HomeGenie Mini**
is an open source library for creating smart devices based on **ESP32** or **ESP8266** SoCs.
HomeGenie-Mini devices are easy to set up, control and automate using *HomeGenie Panel* app.

The source code includes examples for implementing smart switch relays, smart sensors, a smart
shutter, an RF transceiver, and more.


<div layout="row center-center">
<div style="min-width: 400px;max-width: 100%;"><div class="media-container" style="margin:0; height: auto; aspect-ratio: 7/6">
{% zx 'media-browser' %}

media:

- type: image
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_01.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_01.jpg

- type: image
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_02.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_02.jpg

- type: video
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_03.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_02.mp4

- type: image
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_06.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_06.jpg

- type: video
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_04.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_01.mp4


options:
- name: slide
  value: 10000
- name: inline
  value: true

{% endzx %}
</div></div></div>



## HG-Mini OS Features

- Easy Wi-Fi configuration using Bluetooth (ESP32) or WPS (ESP8266)
- Does not require an Internet connection to be configured or to work properly
- Time synchronization using internal RTC (ESP32), mobile app time or NTP
- Device discovery through SNMP/UPnP advertising with customizable name
- Multi-channel I/O: HTTP, WebSocket, SSE, MQTT
- Status LED
- Configuration/Pairing Button
- Builtin GPIO control API
- Switch level restore on power-on/restart
- Event router
- Multitasking
- Activity-based UI with touch and gestures support
- Minimalistic APIs for implementing tasks and for using the UI
- Extensible HTTP API
- Can connect directly to *HomeGenie Panel* either via Wi-Fi access point or hotspot/tethering
- Can be easily connected to *HomeGenie Server* via MQTT




<div layout="column center-center">
  <a href="https://github.com/genielabs/homegenie-mini?tab=readme-ov-file#homegenie-mini-v12-esp32--esp8266" class="button-85">Get Started</a>
</div>

Commit message:

Added more hg-mini pics.

source/mini/index.md, after:

---
layout: homepage.liquid
options: highlight ext-links
title: Smart Device
description: ...
keywords:
- homegenie
---

<!-- SPACER -->
<div style="margin-top: 48px">&nbsp;</div>

**HomeGenie Mini**
is an open source library for creating smart devices based on **ESP32** or **ESP8266** SoCs.
HomeGenie-Mini devices are easy to set up, control and automate using *HomeGenie Panel* app.

Source code includes examples for implementing smart switch relays, smart sensors, a smart
shutter, an RF transceiver, and more.
  
In the following pictures the 3d-printable shell for trying out the [sensor with touch display](https://github.com/genielabs/homegenie-mini?tab=readme-ov-file#smart-sensor-with-display),
example, a smart device equipped with DHT-22 humidity and temperature sensor, motion sensor and touch display with
on board *ESP32-S3* chip.  
<small style="font-size:65%;">
Original 3D design and artwork by *G-Labs*, title <strong>"India approaching Moon 23-08-23"</strong>
</small>

<div layout="row center-center">
<div style="min-width: 400px;max-width: 100%;"><div class="media-container" style="margin:0; height: auto; aspect-ratio: 7/6">
{% zx 'media-browser' %}

media:

- type: image
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_01.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_01.jpg

- type: image
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_02.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_02.jpg

- type: video
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_03.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_02.mp4

- type: image
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_08.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_08.jpg

- type: image
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_05.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_05.jpg

- type: image
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_06.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_06.jpg

- type: video
  preview: images/hg_mini_smart_device_04.jpg
  url: images/hg_mini_smart_device_01.mp4


options:
- name: slide
  value: 10000
- name: inline
  value: true

{% endzx %}
</div></div></div>



## HG-Mini OS Features

- Easy Wi-Fi configuration using Bluetooth (ESP32) or WPS (ESP8266)
- Does not require an Internet connection to be configured or to work properly
- Time synchronization using internal RTC (ESP32), mobile app time or NTP
- Device discovery through SNMP/UPnP advertising with customizable name
- Multi-channel I/O: HTTP, WebSocket, SSE, MQTT
- Status LED
- Configuration/Pairing Button
- Builtin GPIO control API
- Switch level restore on power-on/restart
- Event router
- Multitasking
- Activity-based UI with touch and gestures support
- Minimalistic APIs for implementing tasks and for using the UI
- Extensible HTTP API
- Can connect directly to *HomeGenie Panel* either via Wi-Fi access point or hotspot/tethering
- Can be easily connected to *HomeGenie Server* via MQTT




<div layout="column center-center">
  <a href="https://github.com/genielabs/homegenie-mini?tab=readme-ov-file#homegenie-mini-v12-esp32--esp8266" class="button-85">Get Started</a>
</div>
